So right now we always use this sign up action here and we don't really respect the choice of the user
on our form, we always trigger on login and that always leads
basically to our sign up method.
Now first of all, I rename the prop here which is totally optional but I want it to be a bit clearer
from its name,
on login will now be on try auth because that's essentially what we dispatch here too,
so I will also rename that in my login handler
which I'll therefore also rename to my auth handler.
That means we also need to change it in our or on our button where we trigger this,
so here, on Press this auth handler is now correct
and as a next step, I want to make sure that we actually can do both sign up or sign in.
So I actually pass a second argument here which can be a string, sign up or maybe sign in or login or
whatever you want.
Now actually, we already get that information here,
remember that in our state, we have this auth mode,
well that's just what I want to forward here. So I will forward this state auth mode as a second argument
to on try auth, it of course means that we need to adjust the code at the bottom of this file where we
map dispatch to props, we no longer only get auth data, we also get the auth mode here and
we should forward that auth mode to try auth too.
Now we can go to the auth action creator and there, we now also receive, here it is, not just the
auth data but also the auth mode.
And now I can simply check inside this function
what we want to do,
I'll see if auth mode is equal to login,
in this case I want to dispatch some login action which we don't have yet
otherwise I'll try it with a sign up,
so I will dispatch this, what we already got.
With this if I save this code and we reload this auth screen and we stay in the login mode in which we
are by default and I enter the email we already got and I hit submit,
nothing happens because now we dispatch no action in the end, we reach try auth but there we entered this block
and the first part of it and there, nothing happens.
So let's implement the sign in logic in the next lecture and then add it here.